I don't get it. As proud
as you've always been,
you were willing
to become Babidi's servant
just to end up
a little bit stronger?
[VEGETA]
I-- I just--!
I just wanted to go back to
being the person I was before!
I wanted to go back to being
the cold-blooded Saiyan
I had been in the beginning.
The one who didn't
care about anything
except besting you
in one-on-one combat!
[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku struggled to bring
his rematch with Vegeta
to a swift conclusion,
but his efforts were in vain.
The energy from this epic battle
had already been sent
to Majin Buu!
Aah!
[cries out]
[NARRATOR] With only seconds
to spare, Gohan made a final,
desperate attempt to prevent
the monster from hatching!
[GOHAN yells]
[NARRATOR] For a moment, it
seemed that Gohan had succeeded,
and that the threat
of Majin Buu had evaporated
in a puff of harmless smoke.
But soon, a sinister shape
began to materialize
in the sky above.
Buu!
[NARRATOR] Majin Buu has at
last made his dreaded return!
But what powers does this
bizarre creature possess?
Meet the new face of evil--now!
Aah!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[yells]
[GOKU]
Not bad, Vegeta!
[VEGETA]
There's more to come!
[VEGETA yells]
[chuckles]
[BUU]
Hmm. Hmm!
Tell me, Master.
Is that odd creature
really Majin Buu?
[BABIDI] I'm not sure. He's been
in that ball my entire life.
And no one's ever
survived meeting him
except for the
Supreme Kai over there.
Uh. Is that chubby pink guy
the one you were worried about?
Yes! That's Majin Buu.
There's no doubt about it.
That is the face I see
in my nightmares!
What? Sounds like we're looking
at the real thing after all!
How can that be?
[BABIDI]
Hey! Majin Buu!
[GOHAN] With the way
you were talking about him,
I thought he'd be... scarier.
[SUPREME KAI] Don't be
deceived, Gohan. We're done for.
I wouldn't write us off
just yet, Supreme Kai.
I mean, sure,
his power's off the charts,
but I'm not looking at this as
an unwinnable fight just yet.
What? Do you really
feel that way? Honestly?
Yes. If I hit this guy
with everything that I've got.
Buu!
Ahh! What're you doing?
Fight 'em already!
[BABIDI]
Huh?
Are you listening?
[BUU]
Ooh!
Yay!
[laughs]
Hey!
[VEGETA]
Die!
No! Wait a sec!
I'm sensing a huge
source of energy!
Majin Buu has
finally been freed!
There's no doubt about it!
[chuckles]
[laughs]
So what if he has?
There you stand,
looking all worried about him,
when he hasn't given you
a single reason to be scared.
You're just
buying into the hype.
Use your head
for once, Kakarot.
We're stronger than anything
Babidi can throw at us.
Next to us, they're
a bunch of weaklings.
You'd assume that the Supreme
Kai would be all-powerful,
but have you ever once
thought he lived up
to that sort of expectation?
Don't you see?
He's been in awe of
our power this whole time.
Maybe Majin Buu is
some sort of terrible threat
to the likes of him,
but that doesn't mean
he's any sort of danger to
Saiyan warriors like you and me.
No, Vegeta, you're wrong.
Something about
his energy isn't right.
Stop talking like a coward!
You're trying to
get out of our fight.
That's what this is all about!
Listen to me. You must be
picking up on this, too!
[BUU hums]
Uh. Hello there, Majin Buu!
My name is Babidi,
and I'm the one who
let you out of that ball!
Nice, yeah?
My father was the one
who created you,
so I couldn't just let you
sit in there forever!
That's no fun!
[BUU grunts]
Uh, that means as of today,
you should think of me
as your new master!
[laughs]
[BUU]
Hm!
Hey. Wait a second!
Why are you being
so standoffish?
Where I come from,
servants respect their masters!
Look at me
when I'm talking to you!
Hey! I'm not kidding!
[BUU grunts]
Easy now. No need to get
bent out of shape about it!
Blah-la-la-la-la.
Ha-ha-ha-la-la-la-la.
[laughs]
He's just a fool.
[GOHAN] What-- What is
he doing over there?
[grunts]
You little!
I cannot say what led to it
but it seems his revival
was nothing but a bust.
He makes his
appearance at long last,
and it turns out
he's nothing more
than a pudgy pink simpleton.
Hm?
Heh. That's right.
I called you a fool,
you overblown balloon.
No!
No, no, no. Nooo!
No, no, no, no, no, nooo!
What's that?
You want to square off
against the great demon king?
You are an imbecile,
but you're too stupid
to know it!
You know, it does kinda
look like Majin Buu's a dud,
wouldn't you agree?
Majin Buu is no dud!
That thing will be
the death of us all!
[whistles]
Heh.
[gasps]
Pa! You're just
a bag of hot air.
Buu!
[DABURA groans]
[hollers cheerfully]
[gasps]
[laughs]
That was a thing of beauty!
You--You're brilliant,
Majin Buu!
The way you swatted Dabura
away like a buzzing gnat!
Why, you're better than
I ever could have imagined!
It's incredible!
[GOHAN] His power!
It shot up out of nowhere
like it'd been
launched out of a cannon!
He's strong! Massively!
How can anyone
be that powerful?
That energy I'm feeling
just spiked up.
You can tell yourself
whatever you wanna believe,
but that guy means business!
[TRUNKS]
Huh?
[GOTEN]
Hey, Goten, didja feel that?
Like a bunch of energy
all at once?
Uh. Uh-huh.
I wonder what the heck
is going on over there.
Hey! Which way do we go?
[TRUNKS]
Huh. That's a good question.
The energy that way feels
kinda funky, doesn't it?
Maybe 'cause
it's the Buu energy!
Uh-huh!
His energy should feel funky
if he's as strong
as I'm hoping!
Yeah!
[TRUNKS] All right, then!
We go that way!
--[TRUNKS] Woo-hoo!
--[GOTEN] Whee!
It's not the time for us
to be fighting each other!
We've been trading hits
like crazy out here
and that's what freed him!
[VEGETA]
I couldn't care less!
That's got nothing
to do with our battle!
Everybody on Earth
is gonna die!
He'll kill 'em all!
Even Trunks and Bulma!
Shut up!
I sold my soul to Babidi
so meaningless attachments
wouldn't weaken me anymore!
I don't care what happens
to Trunks, or Bulma,
or anybody else!
You're lying!
You care about 'em a lot!
No matter
how much you hate it,
you still have
a soul in there, Vegeta.
All right.
I'll defeat you later.
You're so distracted by that
Majin Buu at the moment
beating you now
just seems unfair.
Now you're talking!
Hand over one of those
senzu beans, would you?
I mean, we both burned through
a lot of our energy just now.
Sure.
If we fight as one, I'm sure
we can take out Majin Buu.
[GOKU chuckles]
[VEGETA grunts]
[groans]
So nalve.
How could you have possibly
survived this long?
[VEGETA bellows]
That creature is out
of his prison because of me.
I'll take him down.
And then we'll
pick up where we left off.
Heh. Well, that is,
if I'm in one piece.
[BABIDI] That was just lovely!
Now, you listen to me!
I give you orders,
you follow 'em!
I'm your new master
and you're my servant!
It's as simple as that!
Blaaah!
[growls]
Bla-la-la-la-la-la.
Say. Are you sure
you want to disrespect me?
[BUU]
Ah?
I took a very careful look
through my father's notebook.
I know the incantation
to put you back in that ball.
Uh oh.
[BABIDI] You wanna go
back into timeout?
Does that sound good
to you? Huh? Does it?
Aah!
[laughs]
Yes! I do believe that
we're getting somewhere!
[GOHAN]
Supreme Kai.
Watching Majin Buu, he seems
like he's just an overgrown kid.
If we can take out Babidi
before he reacts,
what're the odds
Buu will just hop around
on one foot or something?
No! Don't do it!
If we take out Babidi, there's
no one left in the universe
who can seal Buu back in that
spherical prison of his!
If you look past his
benevolent appearance,
you'll see Buu for
the monster he truly is!
Given time, he'll start to
chafe at Babidi's orders,
at which point the wizard
will have no recourse
but to seal him away again!
All we can do is try and
survive until that happens!
I'm the Supreme Kai,
but in a moment like this
where people's lives
are in mortal danger,
I can't do anything!
It wasn't supposed
to end like this.
I was confident that
we could defeat Babidi
and keep Majin Buu
from being revived.
If only I had known there
were mortals like you--
mortals whose power eclipsed
my own so completely,
who laughed off the
warriors I thought to be
well-nigh invincible-- we
could've done this another way!
Wait, so there was a plan B?
Yes. There was.
But it doesn't
really matter now,
as it's far too late to try it.
Honestly? I doubt
we'll survive this.
[GOHAN]
How can you say that?
I'm not throwing in the towel,
and neither are you!
[BABIDI]
All right!
Now, my servant!
I have a task for you!
I want you to kill them dead!
[BOTH gasp]
[BUU]
Buu!
[GOHAN]
We're getting outta here!
Don't be afraid. There's no
way he's catching up to us!
Well? What're you
standing around for?
They're getting away, Buu!
[BUU]
Hmm!
[coughs]
Huh? He's already gone!
Wa-laaa!
That's impossible!
Say bye-bye!
[BUU grunts]
[GOHAN groans]
[laughs]
Way to go, Buu!
That's the spirit!
Now crush them!
Crush them into pieces!
[groans]
[SUPREME KAI]
He's alive!
Hoo-hoo-whoo!
[yells]
[growls]
[hollers cheerfully]
[SUPREME KAI yells]
You should be gone!
[NARRATOR] Already,
the Supreme Kai and Gohan
have found themselves
rendered helpless
in the face of Majin Buu's
monstrous power.
But greater terrors still lurk
behind Buu's innocent smile,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
You have to
get outta there, Gohan!
This Majin Buu guy
isn't someone that we can
handle by ourselves!
[BABIDI]
Now it's our turn, Majin Buu!
Hit these do-gooders hard!
Show no mercy!
[SUPREME KAI]
Gohan! Look out!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Oh, no. Even Dabura
was powerless to stop him!